Update Arc Document for LoadBalancerIP/Azure File Storage/extension o… (#127586)
Azure/azure-content: articles/container-apps/azure-arc-enable-cluster.md

    > [!NOTE]
    > To install the extension without Log Analytics integration, remove the last three `--configuration-settings` parameters from the command.
    >
    > For clusters that use a custom load balancer instead of the standard AKS load balancer, once the load balancer is set up, specify the following parameter:
    > 
    > ```
    > --configuration-settings "loadBalancerIp=<ingress IP of the load balancer>"
    > ```

>     > Replace \<ingress IP of your load balancer> with the actual ingress IP address assigned to your load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > --configuration-settings "loadBalancerIp=<LOAD_BALANCER_INGRESS_IP>"
    > ```
    > Replace `<LOAD_BALANCER_INGRESS_IP>` with the actual ingress IP address assigned to your load balancer.
```

    | `logProcessor.appLogs.destination` | Optional. Destination for application logs. Accepts `log-analytics` or `none`, choosing none disables platform logs. |
    | `logProcessor.appLogs.logAnalyticsConfig.customerId` | Required only when `logProcessor.appLogs.destination` is set to `log-analytics`. The base64-encoded Log analytics workspace ID. This parameter should be configured as a protected setting. |
    | `logProcessor.appLogs.logAnalyticsConfig.sharedKey` | Required only when `logProcessor.appLogs.destination` is set to `log-analytics`. The base64-encoded Log analytics workspace shared key. This parameter should be configured as a protected setting. |

>     | `loadBalancerIp` | The ingress IP(frontend IP) of the load balancer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `loadBalancerIp` | The front-end ingress IP of the load balancer. |
```

Author: I will remove the (frontend IP) which is the same meaning there with the ingress IP.
